@RealWorldImpact 

I think what's important for the conclusion is to SELL ME... David Mieloch, as someone with experience to help train team members in how to use the brain garden system. I wrote brain garden and will continue to improve it over time. I am also the best person to mentor an enterprise team on how to adopt these tools in their node.js/react/react native projects. This includes how to set up their tools, how to implement brain garden in the main project, how for each developer to optimally setup their development environment for maximum force multiplication, to execute and coach team members on how to setup and maintain automated testing and other validation systems to verify ai generated code, how to think in prompts, prompting techniques to try when stuck, what model context protocol servers to install to make the available agents even more capable, and an organizaiton wide transformation lead that stays on top of the latest developments, runs experiments, and passes the latest tools and techniques down to the rest of the team to continually advance their understanding and productivity.

Let's tie things back to the autopilot analogy where autopilot is a tool for experts to free them up mentally to handle more important tasks and improve overall productivity.  That it can be dangerous to just drop these tools into developer hands even experierenced developers, without a framework for using it.  It can be a panacea of productivity or it can be a super human foot gun.  Developers who are tasks to use it will either have a great experience and use the tool to it's full potential or they will become grumpy and blame the tools for not working the way they expect when they have no training. If the organization's top down leadership approach to AI transformation is mismanaged the entire engineering culture can become toxic and poisoned. No arbitrary metrics like number of AI code suggested accepted, or elevating project managers who "vibe code" to dominate the engineering team as if they have now become redundant by these tools.  They haven't and the current best way to utilize these tools to maximum benefit in one's organization is to provide proper training and frameworks to make your experienced developers capable of synergizing with their new AI tools, coming up with ideas and solutions they would have never thought to try before, creating new features faster than ever thought possible, leaving them more brain space to come up with even more functionality or to provide a level of quality and consistency due to validation techniques and expert level documentation on every important system that would simply have not been possible before.